Add section on WebView with RN (#5747)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/react-native/implementation.md

To collect the Android Advertising ID provided by Play Services, Segment provides a [plugin](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-react-native/tree/master/packages/plugins/plugin-advertising-id){:target="_blank"} that can be used to collect that value. This value is set to context.device.advertisingId. For iOS, this [plugin](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-react-native/tree/master/packages/plugins/plugin-idfa){:target="_blank"} can be used to set the IDFA context.device.advertisingId property.

### Using a WebView Component with React Native

> If you use a webView component in your app that utilizes our [Analytics.js](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/){:target="_blank"} library, you can utilize our [Querystring API](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/querystring/){:target="_blank"} to pass the anonymousId from your React Native app to Analytics.js to ensure activity from anonymous users can be linked across these two sources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a webView component in your app that uses Segment's [Analytics.js](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/){:target="_blank"} library, you can use Segment's [Querystring API](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/querystring/){:target="_blank"} to pass the anonymousId from your React Native app to Analytics.js to ensure activity from anonymous users can be linked across these two sources. 
```

To retrieve and pass the anonymousId:

1. Retrieve anonymousId from the React Native library using:
```js
const anonymousId = segmentClient.userInfo.get().anonymousId
```

> 2. Pass this value into the querystring that opens the webview using the ```ajs_aid``` optional query string parameter noted in the above linked documentation. For example, the URL that opens your webview might look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Pass this value into the querystring that opens the webview using the `ajs_aid` optional query string parameter noted in the documentation above. For example, the URL that opens your webview might look like:
```
